{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15300\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Faces Test Set
\b0 \
\
This test set includes a set of 10 preprocessed facial images created as test data for the Hopfield Recognition Toolbox. \
\
\ul 1. Data \ulnone \
The test set is based on the 
\i MIT faces data base
\i0 , credit is hereby given to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and to the Center for Biological and Computational Learning for providing the database of facial images (http://cbcl.mit.edu/software- datasets/heisele/facerecognition- database.html).\
\
All images are provided in .jpg-format in three different versions:\
\
a. Color (
\i indX.jpg
\i0 )\
We applied a biometric scheme to get centered, equally sized faces. The clothing was manually modified with the OpenSource image processing software GIMP. Additionally, bald individuals or individuals with long hair were given short hair. The background of the images was modified to a uniform color. With this modifications, we created a sample set of faces that results in a memory set with a default overlap of about 60% when read into our system.  \
\
b. High Contrast (
\i indX_contrast.jpg
\i0 )\
Using the OpenSource image processing software GIMP, we increased the contrast of the images to emphasize distinctive facial features (e.g. eyes, nose, form of the face).\
\
We further provide all facial images in the Matlab-readable .mat-format:\
\
c. Training matrices (
\i indX.mat
\i0 )\
All facial images are converted into gray scales (9 shades) and rescaled to 103x80 pixels. The .mat-format can be directly imported into a Matlab-workspace.\
\
\ul 2. Citation\ulnone \
The test set was developed as part of the Hopfield Recognition Toolbox in J. Nathan Kutz\'92s lab at the University of Washington in 2015. \
\
For related information we refer to\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-386\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 [1] M. Weber, P. D. Maia and J. N. Kutz: Associative Memory Impairments arising from Neurodegenerative Diseases and Traumatic Brain Injuries in a Hopfield Network Model\
\
as well as to the original data set\
\
[2] B. Weyrauch, J. Huang, B. Heisele,  V. Blanz (2004): Component-based Face Recognition with 3D Morphable Models. First IEEE Workshop on Face Processing in Video (Washington, D.C.)
\f1 \

\f2\i\fs20 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
}